thank you daddy Brandt for sponsoring
our CES 2018 content check out their six
skins in the description down below
we're here at main gear checking out
their f1 31 gaming desktop as you can
see just on the inside through the
tempered glass panel we have an m-80 X
from other board so you can have up to
four sticks of RAM which is cool they
didn't go with a tiny ITX board and they
did manage to mount two graphics cards
in here it's a little hard to tell but
you can see just in the back they have
another GTX 10 atti also while the
cameras up here you'll notice that they
have case lighting on the inside all
around and on the front for the logo and
that is all able to be controlled
through either your motherboard with
something like a soos aura or through
the controller that comes in the box the
internals are constructed out of server
grade steel and the outside is Japanese
brushed aluminum but if you do want to
spice it up a little bit they do have
multiple other finishes as well you can
get their spectrum paint with chameleon
colors or their mark to finish or many
more as well but to bring us back to the
inside of the case you have a power
supply shroud which nicely hides your
power supply and the cables that come
with it and on top of that you can mount
up to three SSDs a lot of those SSDs
look amazing you might not have an
awesome M to drive like they have here
or you might just want more in general
so you can show those off but you won't
be able to see that if what you're
covering it up with looks even way
better and is called apex ICS that's the
cooling system that we have here that is
made custom for this case you can have
whatever coolant color in it you want
we're showing red here but they also
have other colors here as well and it is
cooled by a giant 3 by 140 millimeter
radiator in the top up to I should say
you can put whatever radiator up in the
top you want you can pair the apex ICS
with Softline tubing or like they're
displaying here on all of their systems
and as I would expect from main gear
hardline tubing it has dual pumps in the
back which is great because you can run
each one of them at a slightly lower
rate than you normally would and it'll
still operate great and it's really
really quiet I can't even hear it
standing right here which is awesome
there's a flow rate meter like you can
see right in the front there's a
pressure release valve for fast draining
through a quick disconnect port and a
temp sensor to make sure that everything
is going okay
and an LED strip down the right-hand
side which will look especially good if
you run a complete UV setup and it's
available now you can configure your
personal f1 31 gaming chassis setup with
Apex ICS cooling at main gears website
today and speaking of today sponsor spot
you can go to D brand.com slash CES 2018
and check out a whole bunch of Awesome
skins for a whole bunch of awesome
devices like your phone tablet if you
still have one of those a laptop
whatever other device you want they come
in a whole bunch of different 3m
finishes you can get wood you can get
marble dragon skin which is my favorite
or just standard colors whatever you
want it's all there
they have tons of different color
options just like your main gear
computer if you decide to go with that
so yeah check them out it helps protect
your phone against little scratches and
dents as well which is cool and yeah
I'll see you next time like if you liked
it dislike if you disliked it get
subscribed all that fun stuff and yeah
see you in the rest of our CES 2018
content